I am an early career researcher with extensive experience in Fiber Optic Sensor Research. In my current position as a Research Scientist with Prof. Dr. Zeynep Altintas at Christian-Albrechts-Universität zu Kiel: Uni Kiel, our team is developing a continuous soil nutrient sensor to significantly enhance agriculture. This technological advancement can potentially improve the efficiency of farming practices by providing real-time information on soil nutrient levels. By enabling farmers to make informed decisions on fertilization and irrigation, this technology can contribute to the sustainable production of high-quality crops, ultimately benefiting both farmers and consumers.

Recently, I completed my tenure as a National Postdoctoral Researcher, funded by SERB, DST, Government of India, at the Biosensors Laboratory in the Indian Institute of Technology Madras, under the mentorship of Dr. V. V. Raghavendra Sai. Prior to that, I earned my PhD from the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi (IIT Delhi) in the Fiber Optic Sensors laboratory of Prof. B. D. Gupta in the Physics Department. Additionally, I have worked as an Institute Postdoctoral Fellow and Senior Project Scientist at IIT Madras from 2018 to 2019 and 2021, respectively.

I have experience in research & development, peer review, scientific editing, project management, and grant proposal submissions. I am also a reviewer for Elsevier journals and the Royal Society of Chemistry's journals. Additionally, I have experience publishing research articles in scientific journals over the last ten years. I understand the peer-review process well and have experience with manuscript handling systems.

#Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. #The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

#Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the #YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) #automatically.

#Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://#jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.
